README.md, before:

# cardano-nft-mint-frontend

### This package provides a simple example of how to use [Lucid](https://github.com/Berry-Pool/lucid) to build a frontend dApp for NFT minting

## Quickstart

Prerequisites:

* [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)>=16.15.1
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm)>=8.12.0
* [static-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/static-server)>=2.2.1 (for local serving)

You must update your secrets in a root file called `src/js/mint-secrets.js`. The file should contain the following format:

    export const MAIN_PAYMENT_ADDR = "<PAYMENT_ADDR_MAINNET>"
    export const MAIN_BLOCKFROST_PROJ = "<MAINNET_BLOCKFROST_PROJ>"
    export const TEST_PAYMENT_ADDR = "<PAYMENT_ADDR_TESTNET>"
    export const TEST_BLOCKFROST_PROJ = "<TESTNET_BLOCKFROST_PROJ>"
    export const MINT_PRICE = <MINT_PRICE_IN_LOVELACE>;
    export const MINT_REBATE = <USER_REBATE_IN_LOVELACE>;
    export const LOWER_LIMIT = <MIN_TO_MINT_USUALLY_ONE>;
    export const UPPER_LIMIT = <MAX_TO_MINT_AT_ONCE>;

:warning: DO NOT COMMIT SECRETS TO THIS REPOSITORY!!

The sample module in ``src/js/mint-frontend.js`` contains functions that are bound to the DOM in ``src/static/index.html``. To build the required JS modules into a single webpack JS, run:

    npm run build

Then, serve the ``src/static/index.html`` using a web application server you prefer.  We recommend (for quickstarts, not production), [static-server]().  To install this, run:

    npm i static-server

Then, to serve the pages:

    cd dist/
    static-server

## Build

The expected output of this package is a set of Javascript and WASM resources in ``dist/`` for deployment to a production dApp.  To compile these, run this from project root:

    npm run build

To completely reset the cache and prior builds, simply run:

    rm -fr dist/

## Tests

Tests can be run through ``npm`` in the root directory:

    npm run test

Commit message:

Refactoring: Build out NftToolkit library structure
We are going to turn this repository into a generic library with several
modules packed into it capable of being added to any dApp (wallet
selectors, NFT creators, etc.).  But in order to do that, we need to
create a little structure around the package and naming clarity to avoid
some overloaded gargantuan JS file.  This change introduces the
following structure:

-- src/
   -- js/
      -- library.js [top-level importer]
      -- tools/
         -- drop-payment.js [formerly "mint-frontend.js"]
         -- wallet-selector.js [picker portions of "mint-frontend.js"]
         -- module2.js [whatever is next...]
   -- static/
      -- html/
         -- webpage1.html [etc. etc.]
      -- css/
         -- stylesheet1.css [etc. etc.]

[ Documentation: README.md ]
[ Testing: Manual clean of dist/ folder then rebuild and manual QA ]

README.md, after:

# cardano-nft-js-toolkit

### This package provides a simple example of how to use [Lucid](https://github.com/Berry-Pool/lucid) to build a frontend dApp for NFT minting

## Quickstart

Prerequisites:

* [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)>=16.15.1
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm)>=8.12.0
* [static-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/static-server)>=2.2.1 (for local serving)

You must update your secrets in a root file called `src/js/secrets.js`. The file should contain the following format:

    export const MAIN_PAYMENT_ADDR = "<PAYMENT_ADDR_MAINNET>"
    export const MAIN_BLOCKFROST_PROJ = "<MAINNET_BLOCKFROST_PROJ>"
    export const TEST_PAYMENT_ADDR = "<PAYMENT_ADDR_TESTNET>"
    export const TEST_BLOCKFROST_PROJ = "<TESTNET_BLOCKFROST_PROJ>"
    export const MINT_PRICE = <MINT_PRICE_IN_LOVELACE>;
    export const MINT_REBATE = <USER_REBATE_IN_LOVELACE>;
    export const LOWER_LIMIT = <MIN_TO_MINT_USUALLY_ONE>;
    export const UPPER_LIMIT = <MAX_TO_MINT_AT_ONCE>;

:warning: DO NOT COMMIT SECRETS TO THIS REPOSITORY!!

The sample module in ``src/js/tools/drop-payment.js`` contains functions that are bound to the DOM in ``src/static/drop-payment.html``. To build the required JS modules into a single webpack JS, run:

    npm run build

Then, serve the ``src/static/drop-payment.html`` using a web application server you prefer.  We recommend (for quickstarts, not production), [static-server]().  To install this, run:

    npm i static-server

Then, to serve the pages:

    cd dist/
    static-server

## Build

The expected output of this package is a set of Javascript and WASM resources in ``dist/`` for deployment to a production dApp.  To compile these, run this from project root:

    npm run build

To completely reset the cache and prior builds, simply run:

    rm -fr dist/

## Tests

Tests can be run through ``npm`` in the root directory:

    npm run test
